Content state utils (#534)
wix-incubator/rich-content: CHANGELOG.md

    - [#527](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/527) remove onTab (moved to keyBindingFn/handleKeyCommand)
  - `pubsub`
    - [#528](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/528) rename visibleBlock to focusedBlock
  - `common`

>     - [#534](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/534) export isValidEditorData and normalization from common/src/lib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [#534](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/534) exposes data normalization and data validation utils as separate entries
```

Reviewer: try to express the meaning for customer, and not what you exactly changed in code -- they have no idea what the hell is `common/src/lib`

  - `pubsub`
    - [#528](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/528) rename visibleBlock to focusedBlock
  - `common`
    - [#534](https://github.com/wix-incubator/rich-content/pull/534) exposes data normalization and data validation utils as separate entries

>   - `button`

Reviewer: is this added by mistake?
